I was bored a couple of days ago at the office, and lately I've been doing a lot of code learning, both for myself, and for the open source community as well. For a while, coding never did actually make sense to me.  
This seems to all have changed, though, very recently, but still, there is a lot more things happening now, I believe.  
## Next Steps and projects
I'll let you guys know about our main project later on, but for now just know that I'll be hopefully contributing some more script-like things on the PowerShell side of things to the community. Especially thanks to simplistic WPF support when developing, and the new enhancements that went with the newest PowerShell version 5 (Microsoft considers it finished, and maybe the core is, but not the number of modules and projects that can be created from it.)
## Ideas In Light Of The Present
Well, you're probably wondering about ideas, right? I'm definitely thinking of proposing some alternatives to some existing tools out there, though what I'm going to be doing, I think this community might appreciate. I'm not up on the technical wars that are present in the Steemit community, though I'm sure there are a few.  
The largest factions I've seen are Linux VS. Windows in general, with nothing backing either side up with anything except for Strong opinion. While I don't subscribe to this very narrow view, I do believe that each OS does indeed have it's merrits. In light of that, for the next couple of things, I can't necessarily promise interoperability of powerShell on both Linux and Windows, but I can promise some fresh air for those frustrated in the Windows world with some of Microsoft's tools. I can't give any timeframes yet, for I do have a real life to live, and I already run a much larger project, but keep an eye up on GitHub. Keep an eye on [StormlightTech](https://github.com/stormlighttech)  
Though lead you to some interesting insights, plus the team for our main project could use some more people, so reach out if you would like to join officially. All of the information needed is on the sight, so no need to make a request for our requirements. 